How to get less geo precision data (#8702)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/cdp/geoip-enrichment.md

## FAQ

### How can I still get some geo data, but with less precision?

We use the Maxmind GeoIP2 City database, in which latitude and longitude are set to the detected city's geographical center. The data is not more precise than the city name field.

> If having city precision is too much, then you can use use the [property filter transformation](/docs/cdp/property-filter). The GeoIP transformation adds event and person properties (`$set` and `$set_once`), so you'll want to filter those out as well. For example, if you are trying to filter `$geoip_latitude`, make sure to include `$set.$geoip_latitude` and `$set_once.$geoip_latitude` to the property filter configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
If having city precision is too much, then you can use use the [property filter transformation](/docs/cdp/property-filter). The GeoIP transformation adds event and person properties (`$set` and `$set_once`), so you'll want to filter those out as well. For example, if you are trying to filter `$geoip_latitude`, make sure to include `$geoip_latitude` for the event property and`$set.$geoip_latitude` & `$set_once.$geoip_latitude` for the person properties to the property filter configuration.
```

Author: @ivanagas it's important they add all 3 otherwise they will still keep that info in PostHog. not sure on wording

Reviewer: good point

We'd like to thank PostHog team members [Yakko Majuri](https://github.com/yakkomajuri), [Tim Glaser](https://github.com/timgl), [Michael Matloka](https://github.com/Twixes) and former team member [Paolo D'Amico](https://github.com/paolodamico) for creating the GeoIP Enricher. We miss you, Paolo!

### How can I still get some geo data, but with less precision?

We use the Maxmind GeoIP2 City database, in which latitude and longitude are set to the detected city's geographical center. The data is not more precise than the city name field.

> If having city precision is too much, then you can use use the [property filter transformation](https://posthog.com/docs/cdp/property-filter). Note that this transformation adds event and person properties (`$set` and `$set_once`), so you'll want to add for example `$geoip_latitude`, `$set.$geoip_latitude` and `$set_once.$geoip_latitude` to the configuration.

Reviewer: Making clear which transformation we are talking about.
```suggestion
If having city precision is too much, then you can use use the [property filter transformation](/docs/cdp/property-filter). The GeoIP transformation adds event and person properties (`$set` and `$set_once`), so you'll want to filter those out as well. For example, if you are trying to filter `$geoip_latitude`, make sure to include `$set.$geoip_latitude` and `$set_once.$geoip_latitude` to the property filter configuration.
```
